Where were you? This place nearly burned to the ground and you were nowhere to be seen.
This isn't the way alliances are meant to work.
We're not allies yet, right? Remember?
What is this? It's pretty good.
Is this a joke to you?
My men are dying, Blake!
You say that like it's something new.
I understand it now.
Why you're so desperate to marry my daughter.
Oh, you do. And let me.
You know that the moon howlers are loyal.
Strong willed.
There may not be many of us left, but there's enough.
You know that we would never accept you as our alpha, and that's why you've never tried to seize our territory.
Careful, men.
You really think you could survive another heart attack?
If my pack keeps getting raided, there'll be no moon howlers left, Blake.
We have to get to the bottom of this.
Who are these wolves and what the fuck do they want?
I'm working on it.
And what exactly do you know?
We're allies, I'll tell you.
You're unbelievable.
No wonder Elizabeth rejected you.
Look, Ray.
I want the old cast going, too.
They're grabbing up all my territory that I need to invent the packs of California.
So how long this as much as you do, Ray?
More.
Natalia.
Hello, Dave.